[electrophysiology_browser] Add help directory and missing docs (#6773)
aces/Loris: modules/electrophysiology_browser/help/view_session.md

# View Session

> This page displays all available information collected for an individual recording session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page displays information from an individual recording session.
```

it's not actually true that "all available" information is displayed on this page.

Summary information about the candidate, the recording session and the hardware used is displayed.

> Recording files can be downloaded individually or as a compressed folder (*All Files* download):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File packages can be downloaded containing just the recording signal, the events, or other metadata for this session - or all files compressed together (*All Files* download).  These file packages are organized according to the EEG-BIDS standard, and available for download as follows:
```

This suggestion/change because: the _Recordings_ can't be downloaded "individually", it's the different *types* of files that are downloadable as packages. 

Karim could you take another pass to look closer at the following? 
- e.g I think "All Files" should be in the bulleted list (ordered according to the buttons you see) 
- I'm glad you added link for BIDS; instead, let's link the EEG BIDS paper here, the URL is: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41597-019-0104-8

Author: I added "All Files" as part of the list. For the EEG-BIDS link, I created a footer to keep things neat in case more content was added to the file in the future.

- EEG: the file containing the session recording data.    
- Electrode info (tsv): contains electrode locations.    
- Channels info (tsv): channel status and filter settings.    

> - Events (tsv): events recorded during the session.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Events (tsv): time-ordered events during the session.   
```
"events recorded" -- that's not exactly what a BIDS Events.tsv does, given the recording is the signal.  Can you find a better word or two from the BIDS spec?

Author: The original paper mentioned the following when describing the events files:

> [...] events (both stimuli and responses) recorded during the experiments.

[[1]](https://www.nature.com/articles/sdata201644#MOESM149) Step 3 under "Required, recommended and optional metadata".

Let me know what you think. If it's best to keep it "time-ordered", I'll commit the change.

Reviewer: yeah, it's just a bit ambiguous.  i agree, let's keep the full wording:
```suggestion
- Events (tsv): events (both stimuli and responses) recorded during the session.   
```

> The compressed folder’s structure follows the BIDS standard for the EEG modality. More information about the BIDS standard can be found through their [website](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moving the BIDS context earlier -- because the "Events" download doesn't make sense without mentioning BIDS first

> On the left, *Next* and *Previous* buttons can be used to navigate between sessions by their number (the leftmost column in the front page of the module). Navigate back to the main page of the module by clicking on its name in the breadcrumb trail placed at the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the left, *Next* and *Previous* buttons can be used to navigate between sessions. Navigate back to the main page of the module by clicking on its name in the breadcrumb trail placed at the top of the page.
```
removing a snipped, because that "number" either reflects the sort order, or acquisition/loading order (i.e. is meaningful)

# View Session

This page displays information from an individual recording session.

Summary information about the candidate, the recording session and the hardware used is displayed.

> Files can be downloaded containing just the recording signal, the events, or other metadata, or all files compressed together, for the current session. These files are organized according to the EEG-BIDS standard<sup id="1">[1](#f1)</sup>, and are available for download as follows:

Reviewer 2: Just use a parenthesis to avoid mixing HTML and markdown.

> File packages can be downloaded containing just the recording signal, the events, or other metadata, or all files compressed together, for the session in view. These file packages are organized according to the EEG-BIDS standard<sup id="1">[1](#f1)</sup>, and are available for download as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files can be downloaded containing just the recording signal, the events, or other metadata, or all files compressed together, for the current session. These files are organized according to the EEG-BIDS standard<sup id="1">[1](#f1)</sup>, and are available for download as follows:
```
* `current session` is clearer than `session in view`
* more accurate now as to what is a package and what is not

> - All files (tgz): a compressed folder containingscan all the recording data as well as metadata for the EEG scan session.

Reviewer 2: This is obviously a typo

# View Session

> This page displays all available information collected for an individual scan session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page displays all available information collected for an individual recording session.
```
because eeg tends to use the word recording.  Scan is more MRI.

Summary information about the candidate, the scan session and the hardware used is displayed.

Scan files (EEG, Electrode info, Channels info and Events) can be downloaded individually or as a compressed folder (*All Files* download).

> On the left, *Next* and *Previous* buttons can be used to navigate between sessions by their number (the leftmost column in the front page of the module). The main page of the module can be navigated back to by clicking on its name in the breadcrumb trail palced the top of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the left, *Next* and *Previous* buttons can be used to navigate between sessions by their number (the leftmost column in the front page of the module). Navigate back to the main page of the module by clicking on its name in the breadcrumb trail placed the top of the page.
```
Awkward (fixed it) and another typo :\
